hello everybody hungry devil welcome
back to the adain mode versus I'm joined
by the high king of the noldor himself
it's mr. Gil Galit say hello
go gallon yo that didn't sound like
Quenya to me but I'll let it go anyway
we're the old axons a hell of a teacher
yes he taught you how to speak the
common tongue anyway we're pitting we're
putting together sour on in his neck
necromancy form against Gandalf the
White and as you can see we got
ourselves a bit of a cage match going on
here and we're in the middle of Erebor I
think Sauron thought you know he was
hung around for pizza and then all these
tower guard showed up like yeah I'm
kinda day so um yeah whenever you're
ready Matt let's uh let's get this
underway cage match DiMaggio beginning
but first a word from our sponsors
destiny so let's go oh shit what are you
doing oh good there you go there we go
sorry haha oh good night Ellie fourth
attack whoa um um I think we might have
miscalculated oh oh god oh god sound
word is falling into a pit of other
heritage but you're still alive go
silent go go go charge through that
lightning you can't be slow about Rob
let's go love that toy fuck all right
buddy
kiss me that was the end of the cage
match who else wants some these be nice
Oh way
shit fuck run solar get at you close the
gate shit
fight uh-oh those on horses die King of
Gondor like if I kill Eragon it's game
over already
who uh hold on there we go paint a
yellow bitch free to go
what the fuck did you do I'm summoning
anomia bats cuz yeah this is just be
okay
I think we like incredibly us
underestimated sounds attack this is
crazy
throw ins a boss look at it I'm SAP
bacon Hey oh you're hated him calf did
he does what he wants Oh God anyway that
was a ok Tiffin's gonna save us
yep it's good that was sour old brothers
Gandalf and he's dead he was killed by
our girls you have it anyway thank you
all so very much for watching uh
gil-galad you can say goodbye goodbye
you